chore: update manage pipeline doc (#1248)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/logs/manage-pipelines.md

```shell
## Upload the pipeline file. 'test' is the name of the pipeline
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:4000/v1/events/pipelines/test?db=public" -F "file=@pipeline.yaml"
```

The created Pipeline is associated with a database, which can be specified with the URL parameter `db`, defaulting to `public`.

> Pipelines under different databases are not associated with each other. When writi log to a database, the Pipeline used must be under the same database as the table being written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing log to a database, the Pipeline used must be under the same database as the table being written to.
```
